---
title: "I Wish.."
author: "Challotte"
type: "Story"
mood: ["Becoming", "Memory", "Love"]
date: "2026-04-27"
readTime: "4 min read"
---

## I wish…

Life has been great, even amazing if you will. Ever since i spoke to you I found another way of living. I know you advised i seek healing through conselling, and talking. You thought opening up will allow me to be free from myself. You did go on and on about the little things that could trigger the rage and anger i suppresed through all those years I endured. I know i spoke ill the day of , but i promise you i'm well now. Infact,  i feel great, empowered and i even allowed myself to not only have friends but to love and appreciate them. Yhear I know you did not think i was capable of it but yet here we are arent we? I'm feeling lighter than the dandelion floating across a field after a light breeze. 

I have about 5 friends excluding you. They are all remarkable individuals in their fields and prospects in life. I met Natalie the same year i met you, i think we were together that day. She was also new at Wits, first year and all. hahaha.. it turned out we liked almost the same things. Amongst liking chess, brunch, vintage living we also liked romanticizing life. little tea party held in a wonderful garden during spring would be the best excuse to have us dressing up, altering accents so as to sound british enough for time travel. She really is marvellous indeed. You know once she took calculus class again because she didnt get the exact marks she wanted even though she passed.lol, that seems like something only a perfectionist would do but i absolutely loved it. For me it resembled how free she thinks of herself, she woundn't let it slide if she can do something about it. Loved every bit of that.

I then met Starborn around my year of serious rebellion. There is not much i would like to say about her except how much fun we had. I still thought of myself as daddys princess that time, still living in a bubble despite the sorrounding that never missed a beat to remind me otherwise. physically i was living in a pithole. i hated everything about that place. the trusty hallways, unrealiable elevator and very odd smelling corridors made it difficult for me to escape to my tea party in london. There were times i would wish to just go on a quest to finding the next man who is soo willing to take me in his castle and let me feast and enjoy his lifes works, ohh boy was that not soo hard. I failed dismally in each quest I made.Maybe it was because of me or not i will never know. I trully do not intend to understand why, it would kill my spirit for me to scrutinize my former self like that. Even though she was easy on the eye, her views and manners certainly felt otherwise.

Both Starborns messy rebound friend and that wich i would hate to mention really had a play. The rebound is not soo bad. I barely know the individual and would certainly wish it to remain that way. I sometimes do understand why I feel resounding feelings that push me in the contrary direction as the one they so chooses. I feel this deep connection to negativity everytime i disturb the little frequency or aura that eminates from the suject. I do not necessarily share feelings of hatred towards, nor is it those of envy,jelousy or any other one that feels close to those ones. I guess i just feel as though scrutinizing my forms of expressions might be best done directly to my face not around me. I am really an easy person to scutinize and critique, i don't cry easily to your face nor will i get heartbroken. I always try to find the truth in what you are saying and then say my truth back. i am a huge fan of the phrase that i choose what offends me through reasoning and validity of the statements. sometimes you may be saying something that is completely true and supposedly hurtfull to my feeling and I could simply choose to not let if offend it and give you a resonding ' i hear you', 'that makes some sense','maybe that is true ' then i move on with my life. I guess i don't like the subject because of that two faced feeling i always get around her medium.
The one i wont mention is slightly astounding. she striked right when i both did not expect and used a poison i thought she did not posses. Talk about returning to campus after a very lovely holiday in Cape Town to such horrifying news about your self. She thought.....